I found it.
You're really falling for him, but he thinks I'm Cora.
Do you mind?
I got you.
Bend down a little.
I missed one.
Did I mess up a button?
Just one.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
It's a company meeting later today and I was wondering if you'd want to come with me.
Why should I come to the meeting?
You're part of the family now, right?
Then I should probably get changed.
Am I supposed to change with you standing here?
Remember.
At least turn around.
Turn around.
Just in other way.
Well, I have a special announcement for the past two years.
Tristan has successfully managed both the New York and Los Angeles branches and achieve some of the highest sales in our history.
So for that reason, I'm returning him to headquarters as the new CEO.
His working relationship with the LC group has elevated our company image.
Tristan's ability is evident to everyone. I have no objection.
Thank you.
Everyone.
I have an objection.